docs: :memo: add section on creating the README (#1207)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: docs/guide/packages.qmd

print(package_path.glob("**/*"))
```

## Creating a README of the properties

Having a *human-readable* version of what is contained in the
`datapackage.json` file is useful for others who may be working with or

> learning more about your data package. You can use `as_readme_text()` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wanting to learn more about your data package. You can use `as_readme_text()` to
```

convert the properties information into text that can be added to a
README file. Let's create a README file with the properties of the data
package you just created:

```{python}
readme_text = sp.as_readme_text(properties)
print(readme_text)
```

It outputs a text string so that, if you want to, you can add other,
maybe project specific, information before writing to the file. Then to

> save it to the file:

Reviewer: Add example on what that could be? And how to do it?

Author: I think we need to see how we might use it before we add something like this. So I added a clarification text about it.
